 On the occasion of a change of status in his company, a 33-year-old man, a aviation painter, without special treatment or medical history, except for osteosynthesis for multiple fractures (femur and right humerus, radius-cubitus left) during a public road accident ten years earlier, is subjected to a urinary chromium dosage by occupational medicine (daily exposure to paints containing hexavalent chromium, Cr[VI], its most toxic form [1]). The technique used (electrothermal atomic absorption spectrometry – SAAE –) does not distinguish between the different excreted forms (Cr[III] and Cr[VI]) and quantifies total urinary Cr. The first results in September 2011 objective a chromium impregnation at 20.2 μg/g creatinine, lower than the French guide values in exposed professionals (30 μg/g creatinine) [7] but much higher than the other painters in the company (all <1 μg/g creatinine). Additional examinations are then requested, which are normal on the renal level (e.g. serum creatinine: 68.1 μmol/L, micro-albuminuria: 30 mg/L) as ENT and respiratory. The occupational doctor's post study revealing errors of the employee in handling individual means of protection (collective protection being correct), advice on personal protective equipment and hygiene were given. In addition, the occupational doctor decided to temporarily remove the employee from his position until his chromuria recovered values comparable to those of his colleagues. After a week of stoppage of occupational exposure, prior to the resumption of the position, a new urinary chromium dose is performed and regains a level almost unchanged (20 μg/g creatinine). As the worker was more exposed to occupational exposure, he was subject to the exposure standards of the general population, which far exceeded (less than 0.55 μg/g creatinine [7]). The same was true for the following months, with chromium impregnation persisting despite adequate removal measures (16.3 μg/g creatinine in December 2011, 17.3 μg/g creatinine in January 2012). These high concentrations caused the occupational physician to prolong his removal from work. His results are worrying the patient who then consults the Poison Center for further information, in particular on the possible existence of a treatment that can eliminate chromium more quickly. The search for extra-professional sources has led to the hypothesis of accountability for the equipment of osteosynthesis. A manufacturer's survey revealed that the patient's surgical equipment consists mainly of chromium (18%) but also nickel and molybdenum (respectively 14 and 2.5 per cent). In addition to urinary chromium, nickel and molybdenum were recommended to confirm this hypothesis. Regular biological monitoring of these different metals was also recommended, as well as a complete renal balance to assess the potential impact on this organ, one of the main targets of hexavalent chromium [8]. Thus, five months after the removal of the post, the urinary nickel assay (same technique – SAAE –) was also high (24.5 μg/g creatinine, normal value for the general population: 3.8 μg/g creatinine [9]). Molybdenum was not found in the urine. The renal balance was also always normal. The removal of the incriminating osteosynthesis material is not systematic, which explains why it was not proposed to our asymptomatic patient. Nevertheless, although the patient was informed of the surgical risks, he preferred to request the explantation of the material, which took place in March 2012. On this occasion, it was found that the plaque placed at the right femur had silts that could be the cause of the patient's metallic impregnation. A first biological check four months later indicated a normalization of chromuria (0.6 μg/g creatinine), confirmed at the beginning of September 2012 on the occasion of the return to work visit (0.5 μg/g creatinine). All clinical and paraclinical examinations proved normal, the employee was declared fit by the occupational doctor and immediately returned to his post after almost 10 months of arrest (see figure 1 summarizing the evolution of the patient's chromuria over this period). In the context of Materialovigilence and possible additional investigations concerning the material involved, this case was notified to the health authorities concerned.