 A 48-year-old woman has a stage 3A pulmonary adenocarcinoma for which she has undergone resection at the upper right lobe level. She has no other relevant medical history. The usual medication she has been taking for some time now consists of estradiol 50 mcg/day, calcium 500 mg and vitamin D 400 IU twice a day, doxazepam 15 mg at bedtime and d-acetaminophen 500 mg as needed. She is allergic to pivampicillin. Approximately one month after surgery, the patient arrives at the hospital's outpatient clinic to receive her first three-day chemotherapy cycle. Chemotherapy consists of cisplatin (25 mg/m2) and detoposide (100 mg/m2) administered intravenously for three consecutive days at three-week intervals. All biochemical and haematological parameters are normal. In addition, upon arrival of the patient at the clinic, his vital signs were measured, which are also normal (blood pressure: 108/76 mm Hg, heart rate: 85 beats/minute, temperature: 36.8 °C, creatinine clearance calculated: 1.38 mL/s). The appropriate doses of each of the antineoplastic agents are calculated based on the patient's body surface (size: 165 cm, weight: 71.8 kg, body surface area: 1.81 m2). First, the patient is given adequate hydration as well as anti-emetic treatment consisting of oral granisetron 1 mg and intravenous dexamethasone 10 mg in prechemotherapy given the moderately high emetic potential of the combination administered. Cisplatin infusion is initiated at time 0 and d-toposide one hour later, to be administered within 60 to 90 minutes. About three minutes after the start of the administration, the patient begins to feel unwell; she has a feeling of tightness in her head and has difficulty breathing. At this time, the nurses notice the lady's red face and a percentage of oxygen saturation reduced to 91%. As a result of the monitoring carried out throughout the treatment, it can be seen that the patient's blood pressure was suddenly high, as was heart rate (blood pressure before the reaction: 114/72 mmHg, during: 164/89 mmHg; front heart rate: 82 beats/minute, during: 107 beats/minute). A 50 mg dose of diphenhydramine is administered intravenously, after which the patient's condition stabilizes rapidly. Finally, three hours later, the patient, completely recovered, left the clinic of oncology and returned to it only the next day. The day after her first dose of chemotherapy, she returned to the external clinic of oncology to receive her second dose. This time, a more aggressive premedication was given to her in order to prevent a possible hypersensitivity reaction. For example, she receives the following pre-chemotherapy prescription: Granisetron 1 mg orally, dexamethasone 20 mg, diphenhydramine 50 mg and ranitidine 50 mg intravenously. A dose of lorazepam 1 mg sublingually is also given to her to reduce anxiety. With this medication, no signs of hypersensitivity occur during administration of antineoplastic agents. It was therefore agreed that the patient would receive this premedication in each of the subsequent cycles, with the exception of dexamethasone, whose intravenous dose would be reduced to 10 mg instead of 20 mg due to an insomnia problem. In addition, the dizetoposide infusion is administered in 90 minutes instead of the 60 minutes originally scheduled. Since the dose of detoposide could not be fully administered on day 1, the patient receives detoposide tablets to be taken in her home by day 4, at a rate of 200 mg in the morning and 150 mg in the afternoon, to complete her first treatment cycle. It is important to note that the patient did not experience any hypersensitivity reactions after oral dtoposide. All subsequent cycles (six in total) ended without any further incidents.