 A 2-1/2-year-old with no specific medical history had isolated macroscopic haematuria in August 1991 without fever or infectious syndrome. Clinical examination was normal, lumbar pits were free of palpable and painless mass. normal external genitals. There were no biological abnormalities, renal function was normal. A liver ultrasound was normal, the lower vein was free. Lower polar renal mass, hyperechogenous, irregular with peripheral vascularization was found (Figure 1). On the abdominal-pelvic tomography, a mass of the lower pole of the left kidney infiltrated the excretory pathway and the renal sinus was found, measuring 1.8 x 1.5 cm, weakly hypodensed, and heterogeneously contrasted (Figure 2). An intense nephrography of the left excretory pathway was present on the post-CT intravenous image. On the right the kidney and excretory cavities were normal. The first hypothesis mentioned was that of a nephroblastoma revealed by haematuria. A left nephrectomy was practised 5 days after the hematuric episode, due to the family's refusal to do first chemotherapy. Prior to this nephrectomy a left retrograde ureteropyelography was performed to visualize the excretory pathway, it showed an obstacle to the pyelo-ureteral junction which was crossed by the ureteral probe and pyelocalicial opacification then found an irregular gap in the pelvis and lower calyx (Figure 3). The exploration of the abdominal cavity did not find metastases and the nephrectomy was practiced with conservation of the left adrenal. The left ureter was cut 2 cm above the urethrovesical junction. There was an upper and left renal pedicular lymphodal package with complete curing to the aortic bifurcation. Histological examination found a 1.8 x 1.5 x 1 cm clear cell adenocarcinoma not crossing the capsule, invading the lower calical group and a lower polar afferent branch of the renal vein. The hile was not invaded. The grade of Syrjanen was II. The adenopathy was non-metastatic reaction. It was a tumour classified as pT1 N0 M0. A 99m Tc bone scan in the post-operative suites was normal. This child did not have any other treatment. Follow-up was regular every 6 months in the first year and then yearly: clinical, biological (ECBU, VS, creatinine) and radiological (renal ultrasound and chest radiography). Successive clinical and paraclinical examinations have always been normal and renal function has never deteriorated with serum creatinine at 53 mmol/l during the last consultation in April 2001, which corresponds to a 10-year and 8-month decline.