 He was a 19-year-old patient with no specific pathological history including no history of endonasal or maxillofacial surgery or cranioffacial trauma. This patient was sent to us for intense frontal headaches associated with bilateral nasal obstruction and rhinorrhoea that had evolved over the past two weeks. The initial clinical examination found an apyretic patient with good general condition and the neurological examination was not unusual. A slight frontal swelling was objectified associated with purulent rhinorrhoea and posterior jetting with nasal endoscopy a deviation from the nasal partition on the left. In biology, the patient had a biological inflammatory syndrome with a hyperleukocytosis at 11000/μL and CRP at 28mg/L. The brain and facial solids scanner was in favour of a Potts Puffy tumor with a frontal subcutaneous collection of 5x3mm and a partial pansine filling. The patient was placed on triple parenteral antibiotic therapy based on cefotaxime, metronidazole and gentamicin for 3 weeks and nasal treatment with physiological serum with good clinical-biological rapid evolution. Nevertheless, at two months of this episode, the patient was sent back to us in view of the recurrence of rhinological signs with fever and frontal swelling. The cerebral scanner and facial massif requested as a matter of urgency was in favour of a Puffy tumor pottery with a frontal subcutaneous collection of 1 cm, a pansinusal filling and osteolysis of the anterior wall of the frontal sinus (Figure 4). The course to be followed was to flatten with bacteriological sampling by the sibling of Jacques with triple parenteral antibiotic therapy (cefotaxime/metronidazole/fosfomycin) for 4 weeks relayed by oral antibiotic therapy based on d的amoxicillin-clavulanic acid 1g*3/d for 2 weeks. Bacteriological sampling had returned negative. The evolution was marked by the disappearance of biological inflammatory syndrome from the first week. The change of dressing was daily under general anaesthesia for 7 days then the incision was closed by separate points. The patient had regular follow-up at the consultation with a 24 month decline without recurrence of symptomatology.