 A 60-year-old woman with a history of high blood pressure, angina and euthyroid goitre was sent to us for management of right kidney mass. Symptoms had started 10 days earlier with a table of febrile chest pain. Electrocardiogram analysis and normal troponin 1A were used to eliminate myocardial infarction, which was also confirmed by myocardial infusion scan. Biology remained within normal limits except for normocytic anemia (haemoglobin: 7.3 mmol/l) and elevated C-reactive protein; haemocultures and ECBU were sterile; negative serologies (adenovirus, coxsackie virus, CMV). Abdominal ultrasound in front of this acute myopericarditis evocative table revealed a mass of the right kidney. A CT scan (Figure 1) showed a large heterogeneous mass of the upper pole of the right kidney without renal venous extension or cellar which led us to realize a straight enlarged nephrectomy. At macroscopic examination (Figure 2), the tumor located at the upper pole of the kidney measured 11 cm in diameter. It seemed well circumscribed and delimited from the underlying renal parenchyma without a separate capsule, repelling but not clearly infiltrating the parenchyma; at the cutting, the tumor appeared fibrous and dense, of whitish coloration, of fascicated appearance, without haemorrhagic or necrotic reshuffles. The hilary vessels were not concerned by this tumour process. In microscopy (Figure 3), the tumour had a storiform architecture or spindles of fusiform cells with elongated or ovoid nuclei and reduced cytoplasm eosinophilic or saffronophile. It was not shown to have mitotic activity or d的atypy. Hypercellular areas alternated with less cellular areas where collagenization images characterized by the presence of collagen kits more or less trapus. The immunohistochemical study was negative for epithelial markers (KL1, MNF 116, and ACE) for desmine, Ulex, and S100 protein but strongly and diffusely positive for vimentin and CD34. An immunolabelling for alpha smooth antimuscle actin showed a focal reaction at the vascular walls without marking of tumour cells. The flow cytometry analysis objectified a DNA-diploidy. These macroscopic, histological and immunohistochemical aspects made it possible to retain the diagnosis of a solitary fibrous tumour of the kidney. Four years later, the patient is alive and without any sign of evolution of her pathology.